Document `cml pr` auto–merge fallback (#217)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/ref/pr.md

Any [generic option](/doc/ref) in addition to:

> - `--auto-merge=<merge|rebase|squash>`: Try to merge the PR/MR after creation.

Author: ```suggestion
- `--merge` / `--rebase` / `--squash`: Try to merge, rebase-merge or squash-merge the pull request after creation.
```

> - `--merge` / `--rebase` / `--squash`: Try to merge, rebase-merge or squash-merge the pull request after creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--merge`, `--rebase`, or `--squash`: Try to merge, rebase, or squash-merge the created PR after CI tests pass.
```

> [auto–merge](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/automatically-merging-a-pull-request)

Reviewer: the line above this should say "The `--merge`/`--rebase`/`--squash` options [...]"

(GitHub) or
[merge when pipeline succeeds](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/project/merge_requests/merge_when_pipeline_succeeds.html)
(GitLab) to merge the pull request as soon as checks succeed. If this

> feature can't be enabled, `cml pr` will try to merge the pull request directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
waiting for checks isn't supported, `cml pr` will try to merge the pull request immediately.
```

> (GitLab) to merge the pull request as soon as checks succeed. If this
> waiting for checks isn't supported, `cml pr` will try to merge the pull request immediately.

Author: ```suggestion
(GitLab) to merge the pull request as soon as checks succeed. If
waiting for checks isn't supported, `cml pr` will try to merge the pull request immediately.
```
